README.md, before:

# Leap Year

#### **12/07/2020**

## By _Callie Stump & Harrison Strand_
---
## 🚩 **Description**
This is a console application that allows the user to enter a year and then determine whether it is a leap year or not. This project is primarily for testing.

## Specs
Parcel Class(length, height, width, weight)
_weight = weight
_height = height
_width = width
Length = length


Volume (l, h, w)
l * h * w = volume

CostToShip(volume)
volume * 3 

## **Technologies Used**
* C# V:7.3
* .NET Core V:2.2
* dotnet script, REPL

## 🔧 **Setup/Installation Requirements**
#### The Technologies listed above are required to run this program.
1. Copy this download link: https://github.com/calliestump/leap-year.git
2. Open bash and go to the directory where you would like to store your cloned project.
3. Clone the repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/calliestump/leap-year.git
```
4. Navigate to the cloned project folder and open VS code.
```
$ cd Desktop
$ cd [repo link]
$ code .
```
5. Navigate to the testing project folder in your VS terminal initalizes dotnet.
```
dotnet restore
```
6. If you wish to see if everything is compiling correctly go to the Bakery directory and run the following:
```
dotnet build
```
7. To see if the program is functioning properly you can use:
```
dotnet run
```
This will show you if everything is compiling correctly; if otherwise you be will prompt with error messages.

#### Dont forget that in order to push any changes you need to add your own GitHub repo. to your project.
```
git remote add origin [repo link]
```
#### Note: Do this is your main parent directory. You do not want to have git initialized in any other places.

## 🐛 Known Bugs
There are no known bugs at this time.
## Contact & Support
Feel free to contact me with any concerns or questions regarding this program at callie@stu.mp.

## **Specs**

<details>
<summary>Expand Specs</summary>
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Test</th>
    <th>Input</th>
    <th>Output</th>
    <th>Completed</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>    
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table> 

## Legal
Copyright (c) 2020 Callie Stump

Commit message:

adds user interface
Co-authored-by: Agata Kolodziej <agatakolohe@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Eric Endsley <eric.endsley4@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Parcel

#### **12/15/2020**

## By _Agata Kolodziej, Eric Endsley & Callie Stump_
---
## 🚩 **Description**
This is a webpage that allows the user to enter package details and then return the calculated price for shipment.

## Specs
Parcel Class(length, height, width, weight)
_weight = weight
_height = height
_width = width
Length = length


Volume (l, h, w)
l * h * w = volume

CostToShip(volume)
volume * 3 

## **Technologies Used**
* C# V:7.3
* .NET Core V:2.2
* dotnet script, REPL
* HTML
* CSS

## 🔧 **Setup/Installation Requirements**
#### The Technologies listed above are required to run this program.
1. Copy this download link: https://github.com/calliestump/Parcels.git
2. Open bash and go to the directory where you would like to store your cloned project.
3. Clone the repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/calliestump/Parcels.git
```
4. Navigate to the cloned project folder and open VS code.
```
$ cd Desktop
$ cd [repo link]
$ code .
```
5. Navigate to the testing project folder in your VS terminal initalizes dotnet.
```
dotnet restore
```
Testing Syntax: ```dotnet test```

6. If you wish to see if everything is compiling correctly go to the Parcel directory and run the following:
```
dotnet build
```
7. To see if the program is functioning properly you can use:
```
dotnet run
```
This will show you if everything is compiling correctly; if otherwise you be will prompt with error messages.

#### Dont forget that in order to push any changes you need to add your own GitHub repo. to your project.
```
git remote add origin [repo link]
```
#### Note: Do this is your main parent directory. You do not want to have git initialized in any other places.

## 🐛 Known Bugs
There are no known bugs at this time.
## Contact & Support
Feel free to contact me with any concerns or questions regarding this program at callie@stu.mp.

## **Specs**

<details>
<summary>Expand Specs</summary>
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Test</th>
    <th>Input</th>
    <th>Output</th>
    <th>Completed</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>    
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table> 
</details>

## Legal
Copyright (c) 2020 Callie Stump, Agata Kolodziej, Eric Endsley
